[Music]
for products that change your face
beyond recognition you are what you eat
they say you have probably heard this
expression many times before you eat
another cookie or drink another glass of
wine
think about how it will reflect on your
looks we are going to show you how to
understand which foods you like perhaps
too much just by looking at your face
for wide face look attentively at your
face in the mirror
and decide if you have the following
obvious wrinkles or spots on the nose
bridge swollen eyelids small wrinkles
under the eyes dehydrated and wrinkly
skin on the cheeks dilated skin pores
red and skin deep smile lines you do
then you have a wine face the thing is
apart from large amounts of sugar why it
sometimes contains pesticides and
sulfides causing alcohol to dehydrate
you your body loses water your liver is
overloaded and your digestion may fail
the next day so your skin will look
wrinkly red and hanging in the long run
alcohol abuse may disrupt the work of
bowel bacteria and cause various
diseases if you compare two people of
the same age one who has been drinking
steadily for 15 to 20 years and the
other who hasn't drunk at all will you
see the difference in the quality of
their skin
at first glance in the first case a
person's face will bear more wrinkles
than other signs of dehydration while
the second person will look much younger
what is saddest as soon as you destroy
the collagen your skin contains it will
be next to impossible to recover its
former level what to do give up alcohol
for at least three weeks this is ample
time for your skin to recover and then
apply the rule of 2080 this means you
allow yourself a glass of wine or two in
20% of cases while refusing in the other
80%
three-note face maybe these bother you
swollen eyelids pads and dark circles
under the eyes frequent pimples and acne
sunken cheeks pimples on the chin in
this case you suffer from a milk face
this problem can appear even if you
don't consume milk glass after glass
every day milk added to your coffee or
another bowl of ice cream may seriously
affect your facial skin color even if
you aren't lactose intolerant we lose a
lot of lactose metabolizing enzymes with
age and it provokes inflammations all
over the body including the face the
scheme is the following
cow milk contains a hormone with the
name igf-1 it is a warm moan of growth
which is necessary for a calf however
for an adult human it's not so
beneficial IGF - one consumption results
in inflammation that later leads to acne
swellings
and unappealing redness when you drink
milk your level of insulin spikes and as
a consequence the liver produces more
igf-1 more hormone more acne it's a
never-ending circle another problem with
dairy products is that they make the
skin produce more oil that's why you
might have caught pores and resulting
pimples if you notice your base becoming
swollen and sleepy with acne bothering
you give up on all dairy for a few weeks
to see the difference in your looks
- sugar face if under your scrutiny the
mirror has revealed deep and small
wrinkles on the upper forehead bags
under the eyes thinning of the skin
weary look pale or grayish skin or
pitted scars and acne all over the face
the most probable explanation is that
you have a sugar face sugar affects not
only your weight but your skin as well
it accelerates glycation the process by
which excess glucose molecules linked
with collagen damaging it and making it
rigid this makes your skin age faster
cause wrinkles to appear and disrupts
pigmentation let's look at this evil
chain you eat a nice sugary treat your
insulin level rises it causes
inflammation in your body the results of
this inflammation our enzyme is being
released which damage and destroy
elastin and collagen and there you go
your mirror makes you upset showing
wrinkles and sagging skin there is one
more risk for your skin connected with
sugar if you eat a lot of this product
your body develops the resistance to
insulin such resistance can reveal
itself in excess hair growth along with
patches of dark skin in the creases of
your body and on the neck the only way
to preserve the health of your skin is
to cut down on sugar and not just for a
couple of weeks but permanently one
gluten face
now do you see forehead acne swollen red
cheeks cheek acne swollen face contour
acne and dark patches on the skin what
you are dealing with is gluten face all
these symptoms may signify that your
body is incapable of metabolizing gluten
a protein contained in wheat rye oats
barley and drinks that come from them
beer whiskey vodka etc gluten has the
unfortunate ability to make your
intestines so to say leaky this means
that they start to let undigested
particles of food enter your bloodstream
as soon as this happens the body gets
alarmed and that immune response is
provoked into action it causes an
inflammation of such skin conditions as
acne
[Music]
check a few of gluten Intolerable 'ti by
excluding the products containing it for
two to three weeks and watching your
skin if you notice that your skin looks
better try to replace gluten with almond
or coconut flour other alternatives to
food rich in gluten are brown rice
millet and quinoa but if the symptoms
persist after two weeks then it's some
other kind to tolerability failure
however you should still cut down on
simple carbs and baked foods along with
checking if you over indulge in any of
these products and following these tips
you can improve the condition of your
skin by making simple masks homemade
mask against dark circles what you will
need one medium potato extra-virgin
olive oil one tablespoon of honey how to
prepare first of all peel the potato and
grate it mix this with the honey and
some olive oil enough to get a more or
less homogeneous paste apply this paste
to the area under the eyes and let it
stay for about 30 minutes after that
rinse it off with warm water do this
procedure twice a week and the results
will genuinely surprise you dark circles
and bags under your eyes will fade and
the skin will become nourished and
smooth the miracle in this case happens
due to vitamin A antioxidants and
beta-carotene contained in the potatoes
they have just what your skin needs as
for olive oil it does wonders when the
problem is dark circles this oil
moisturizes the skin gets rid of
wrinkles and even heals acne honey in
turn serves as a natural moisturizer as
well what is more it nourishes and
cleanses the skin that's why the
combination of these ingredients is so
potent DIY acne face mask what you will
need two teaspoons of honey one teaspoon
of powdered cinnamon how to prepare mix
these two ingredients in a bowl until
you get a nice blend if you feel that it
is too thick add some more honey
dampen your face and put this mixture on
it using your fingers it should stay
this way for no less than 15 minutes
after you wash it off with tepid water
apply some lemon juice you can dilute it
with water or apple cider vinegar mixed
with distilled water 1 part vinegar 2
parts water use this mask every day or
every other day and your problem will
steadily become less prominent we have
already spoken about the benefits of
honey for your skin surprisingly
cinnamon has similar qualities apple
cider vinegar unclog skin pores also it
successfully dissolves the cells of the
dead skin facial masks for red and skin
what you will need 2 tablespoons of
plain natural yoghurt 1 tablespoon of
apple cider vinegar 3 teaspoons of dry
oatmeal 1 teaspoon of honey strong green
tea how to prepare mix all the
ingredients add about 4 tablespoons of
well brewed green tea add some more tea
if the paste is too thick stir it
carefully to make sure it is all mixed
then spread it on the face and leave for
10 or 15 minutes wash it off with tepid
water and don't rub the face with the
towel pat dry it do such a mask 2 times
a week
this way it is the most effective yogurt
and honey moisturize soothes and nourish
the skin the apple cider vinegar
stabilizes the pH of the skin and the
oatmeal decreases the irritation and
redness you can find many more recipes
of simple homemade masks in our other
videos the links to them will appear in
several seconds how do you deal with the
problems appearing on your face write to
us in the comments and share your
experience don't forget to click
Subscribe and join us on the bright side
of life
[Music]